Que-1.What are the different types of HTTP requests?
Ans--> HTTP requests are messages sent by the client to initiate an action on the server.
API developers typically only use GET, PUT, or POST, but the official HTTP Request Method registry lists 39 total HTTP verbs, each providing a method for powerful interactions.


Que-2.Explain the concept of middleware in Node.js.
Ans--> Middleware functions are functions that have access to the request object (req), the response object (res), and the next function in the application's request-response cycle.

Middleware functions can perform the following tasks:
Execute any code.
Make changes to the request and the response objects.
End the request-response cycle.
Call the next middleware in the stack.


Que-3.Explain CORS.
Ans--> CORS stands for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing . It allows us to relax the security applied to an API.
 This is done by bypassing the Access-Control-Allow-Origin headers, which specify which origins can access the API.
It allows a server to indicate any origins (domain, scheme, or port) other than its own from which a browser should permit loading resources.


Que-4.What is Express. how it helps you to create a backend application.
Ans--> Express.js is a Node.js web application framework that provides broad features for building web and mobile applications. It is used to build a single page, multipage, and hybrid web application.

Features of Express.js:
Fast Server-Side Development: The features of node js help express saving a lot of time.
Middleware: Middleware is a request handler that has access to the application's request-response cycle.
Routing: It refers to how an application's endpoint's URLs respond to client requests.
Templating: It provides templating engines to build dynamic content on the web pages by creating HTML templates on the server.
Debugging: Express makes it easier as it identifies the exact part where bugs are.


Que-5.Explain min 5 status codes gets used in Backend development
Ans--> An HTTP status code is a message a website's server sends to the browser to indicate whether or not that request can be fulfilled.
200: Success
404: Not Found
400: Bad Request
500: Internal server error
503: Service unavailable


Que-6.Difference between HTTP and HTTPS.
Ans--> HTTP - 	HTTP stands for HyperText Transfer Protocol.
	In HTTP, URL begins with “http://”.
    HTTP uses port number 80 for communication.
    HTTP works at Application Layer.
    HTTP faster than HTTPS
    HTTP does not require any certificates.

HTTPS- HTTPS for HyperText Transfer Protocol Secure.
       In HTTPs, URL starts with “https://”.
       HTTPs uses 443 port number for communication.
       HTTPS works at Transport Layer.
       HTTPS slower than HTTP
       HTTPS needs SSL(secure sockets layer) Certificates.


Que-7.What are JWT tokens?
Ans--> JSON Web Token (JWT) is an open standard that defines a compact and self-contained way of securely transmitting information between parties as a JSON object. This information can be verified and trusted because it is digitally signed.

There are some advantages of using JWT for authorization:
Purely stateless. No additional server or infra required to store session information.
It can be easily shared among services.

Syntax:  jwt.sign(payload, secretOrPrivateKey, [options, callback])